all right here's the deal i rather than
do the typical ranting forbid first
minute or something together we
typically do i actually came in with
something for us to do for that first
minute say here we go can I think of me
yeah well you can talk about getting in
short videos we're having to do short
videos because something's wrong with
the upload so we're trying a lot of tubs
very short videos topic number 10 this
my friend he brought some weight before
I don't it's been a while since we've
done something like this but I figured
we would do it haven't done it in a
while we're gonna have some applewood
smoked bacon milk chocolate really yeah
Valley sounds kind of maybe are done
this weird like sample crap in the past
I don't know anyway yeah this is bacon
infused chocolate how awesome did that
sound oh it smells like a dog treat
right Cheers
you know what Chuck should not have bad
you don't need it not bad it's not
wouldn't choose the bacon in my child
unless I was intoxicated which I never
am I like a good desk can smell like
adultery a little bit no one fit to your
dog that probably would not write
chocolate and dogs do not mix chocolate
and bunnies delicious they are over one
because we got to cut this off in five
minutes the cameras getting shut off
edges retirement last night we were
sitting in hara hara with a really hard
not hara hara kiri vika because the you
know here review guile and WWE is coming
with a Smackdown show may 7th i think
that's right age and Del Rio is is one
of the advertised things so edge has a
big announcement we're here chris says
oh they're saying he's going to retire I
see camp retirees gonna do it may have
ended this pensacola civics and he'll
retire until he's come back to pensacola
but can finally the lord knows here he
remembers that one time that he was here
and he smacked into that rail right in
front of me but you know we saw Batista
and and i'm telling you was the first
live wrestling event i buy every when
they were right there but edge and
Batista this was when they were the they
were the hot property the hot ticket in
in i use any we're getting off topic
getting very off-topic edge retires
because he's he's hurt so i'm sad to see
him go really am sad to see him go edge
has always been one of my favorites um
and it's again i know this is kind of
crazy but far like theme songs go he's
always had to me one of the best I've
always enjoyed that song but I am a
member I'm very sad to see him go I mean
I knew that he was talking about
retiring soon you know he mentioned it
on the intranet but you know I'm sad
that it's just so sudden thank god he's
thank God they caught it before or
something bad happened and thank God
WrestleMania with well so what do you
think do you think and I asked him this
and he didn't have an answer do you
think he won WrestleMania because they
knew he was going to retire and they
also know that they took him in for more
testing after WrestleMania according to
things that I'm hearing though they're
saying people are saying that WWE z2
been pushing him to retire or this has
been hanging over everybody's in hanging
over their heads for a while so it's
been talking about um the other big
issue here juror it was a day I didn't
cry because I was in a room with other
people we could envision five minutes
thur five minutes we have to hurry
emotional to watch go anyway what can
happen on Smackdown now because
Smackdown has been weak for a while as
is and now you take out arguably your
biggest star on that show you say what
you want about the Undertaker the other
takers never there what do you do then
probably Oh probably the only star
Undertaker included that can carry a
storyline of any length of any
consequence is edge I would agree so I
would agree so you your your peer your
your your new castrated usual they are
castrating castrating them backed out so
that's why I pause before I said oh ho
buddy it's the best word so but yeah
she's in the big and dressed everybody's
gonna have to go somebody's gonna have
to go take the spot uh I can't imagine
who would be who do they want to
sacrifice from raw the draft is coming
up this could be your prom up to you you
see people like Christian or maybe even
a jello moved up and pushed in the main
event
we'll c del rio win the belt Extreme
Rules I'm guessing he'll fight Christian
and in the real win I'm guessing that's
what's gonna have good call goodbye um
yeah they've got they've got some work
to do here I think it really is time to
elevate some people how about our truth
being a number one contender no no sir I
have always liked our truth I've always
been a fan of his but I am never a fan
of people illogically getting pushes and
in highly Sean no sense that's what this
is so I'm saying but I feel like our
truth oh we're talking about edge right
now yeah but one must have time we are
out of time so we're stopping now topic
number two will begin in moments
whatever this gets uploaded and you get
around to watching it bye bye you really
did that are you really good I'll do it
again next video John McLaughlin a piece
everybody hey that's gonna be my dears I
ha